Assumptions
-----------

1. Whenever aircraft are coming they have to stay in the waiting area until they are allowed to land or departure
2.  Conistent mechinical problem - whenver there is a mechinical problem that is still not handled, the plane will remain in the same state, hence it will still have a mechinical problem.
3.  Conistent slippery runway - whenver there is a slippery runway that is still not handled, the runway will remain in the same state, hence it will still remain slippery .
4. If repair truck arrives when there is a mechinical problem in the next state the mechinical problem is fixed.
5. If clean truck arrives when there is a slippery runway in the next state the slippery runway is fixed.
6. There are no adjcent runways that are dirty at the same time.
7. Only one emergency landing is allowed at a single time.
8. If recsue team arrives during an emergeancy landing, then in the next state theres no emergency landing on both waiting landing areas.
9. Conistent  emergeancy landing - whenver there is an  emergeancy landing  that is still not handled, the plane will remain in the same state, hence it will still remain in emergeancy landing .
10. Emergency landing may happen only on planes and not on None objects.
11. There are infinite amount of times where there is no emergency landing in the airport.

Guarantees
----------

1. In case an aircraft is waiting for landing or departure it will evenutally get the permmision to land or take off.
2. In each runway we allow only for one way traffic, hence each runway will allow only a plane landing or takingoff at the same time.
3. A repair truck will be sent only if aircraft exists.
4. If there is no mechinical problem the system won't send a repair truck.
5. In case there is a mechnical problem eventually a repair truck will be sent to handle the issue.
6. If a plane has a mechinical problem, it's not allowed to execute a takeoff.
7. If there is no slippery runway the system won't send a clean truck.
8. In case there is a slippery runway eventually a clean truck will be sent to handle the issue
9. If the runway[i] is slippery takeoffs and landings on this runway won't be allowed (until the issue if fixed).
10.  If there is no emergency landing the system won't send a rescue team.
11. Plane that needs to make an emergency landing won't be allowed to land until a recsue team arrives on the  site.
12. Only planes in emergeancy landing are allowed to land during this state.
13. If there's an emergancy landing and rescue team didn't arrive yet, then in the next state the system will send a rescue team.
14. Takeoffs aren't allowed while the airport is in emegency landing state.
15. If a plane is in emregency landing and rescue team didn't arrive yet, the plane will be allowed to land on the next state.
16. If a recsueTeam[i] is send by the system then  the plane will be allowed to land in one of the follwing runways - landingAllowed[(2*i)]  or landingAllowed[(2*i+1)].



